docs/bypasses/common_bypasses.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
pagination_prev: bypasses/index
pagination_next: null
description: "Most of the bypasses/fixes are located here"
---

# Common bypasses/fixes

The following games all use the same bypass method: download the files and extract them into the game's directory.

## 1. Download the bypass files for your game

Find your game below and download the corresponding bypass files.

### Emoji definitions
| Emoji | Definition |
|-------|------------|
| 🎯 | Launch the game directly via it's .exe file, not through your Steam Library |
| 🌐 | The bypass/fix also contains an Online-Fix |

<details>
<summary>Rockstar Games</summary>

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [Grand Theft Auto V Enhanced](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3240220/Grand_Theft_Auto_V_Enhanced/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762105435461-KdqJ3kVs8he3.zip) |
| [Grand Theft Auto III – The Definitive Edition](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1546970/Grand_Theft_Auto_III__The_Definitive_Edition/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1761923483387-g7CA4fvitcFu.zip) |
| [Grand Theft Auto: Vice City – The Definitive Edition](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1546990/Grand_Theft_Auto_Vice_City__The_Definitive_Edition/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1761923740571-PW42pSC56NeC.zip) |
| [Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas – The Definitive Edition](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1547000/Grand_Theft_Auto_San_Andreas__The_Definitive_Edition/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1761923936059-DzQWGD0uhn06.zip) |
| [Red Dead Redemption 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1174180/Red_Dead_Redemption_2/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762105617608-APY2EQfwPgi7.zip) |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Call of Duty® (Campaign)</summary>
:::info
This will only work for campaign. For online, refer to [this page](/bypasses/call_of_duty/online)
:::

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® 2 (2009)](https://store.steampowered.com/app/10180/Call_of_Duty_Modern_Warfare_2_2009/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1761987933968-g1ITRWoyK6Fk.zip) |
| [Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® 3 (2011)](https://store.steampowered.com/app/115300/Call_of_Duty_Modern_Warfare_3_2011/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1761987894355-1I2VphBJCM34.zip) |
| [Call of Duty®: Black Ops](https://store.steampowered.com/app/42700/Call_of_Duty_Black_Ops/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1761987793374-KvjXNIpPriz4.zip) |
| [Call of Duty®: Black Ops II](https://store.steampowered.com/app/202970/Call_of_Duty_Black_Ops_II/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1761987852110-uEGuJlwnW3OO.zip) |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Assassin's Creed</summary>

:::tip
To bypass the download & speed limit for pixeldrain, use [this tool](https://pixeldrain-bypass.cybar.xyz/)
:::

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [Assassin's Creed Mirage](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3035570/Assassins_Creed_Mirage/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/dnoJg25S) |
| [Assassin's Creed Valhalla](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2208920/Assassins_Creed_Valhalla/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/LS22RNVN) |
| [Assassin's Creed® Odyssey](https://store.steampowered.com/app/812140/Assassins_Creed_Odyssey/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/TsvrLh1d) |
| [Assassin's Creed® Origins](https://store.steampowered.com/app/582160/Assassins_Creed_Origins/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/7y68XENp) |
| [Assassin's Creed® Syndicate](https://store.steampowered.com/app/368500/Assassins_Creed_Syndicate/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/VFs7kuvz) |
| [Assassin's Creed® Unity](https://store.steampowered.com/app/289650/Assassins_Creed_Unity/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/XEhTUkka) |
| [Assassin’s Creed® Rogue](https://store.steampowered.com/app/311560/Assassins_Creed_Rogue/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/BfJ7z8ap) |
| [Assassin’s Creed® IV Black Flag™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/242050/Assassins_Creed_IV_Black_Flag/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/2YkGUsKD) |
| [Assassin's Creed® III Remastered](https://store.steampowered.com/app/911400/Assassins_Creed_III_Remastered/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/M2FxLjkx) |
| [Assassin’s Creed® III](https://store.steampowered.com/app/208480/Assassins_Creed_III/?curator_clanid=4777282) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/pacACGG4) |
| [Assassin’s Creed® Brotherhood](https://store.steampowered.com/app/48190/Assassins_Creed_Brotherhood/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/XmRFxU3G) |
| [Assassin's Creed 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/33230/Assassins_Creed_2/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/VBeDwhPu) |
</details>

<details>
<summary>Far Cry</summary>

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [~~Far Cry® 6~~](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2369390/Far_Cry_6/) (an update broke the fix, you can download it from SteamRIP for now) | [Download](https://steamrip.com/far-cry-6-ultimate-edition-free-download-z1/) |
| [Far Cry® 5](https://store.steampowered.com/app/552520/Far_Cry_5/) | [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/n3cqhn.zip) |
| [Far Cry® New Dawn](https://store.steampowered.com/app/939960/Far_Cry_New_Dawn/) | [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/5snk8o.rar) (You'll need to use WinRAR for this one) |
| [Far Cry® Primal](https://store.steampowered.com/app/371660/Far_Cry_Primal/) | [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/and5sc.zip) |
| [Far Cry® 4](https://store.steampowered.com/app/298110/Far_Cry_4/) | [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/ci75kz.zip) |
| [Far Cry 3](https://store.steampowered.com/app/220240/Far_Cry_3/) | [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/hm8pwz.zip) |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Star Wars</summary>

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [STAR WARS Jedi: Fallen Order™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1172380/STAR_WARS_Jedi_Fallen_Order/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/NnnHpdju) |
| [STAR WARS Jedi: Survivor™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1774580/STAR_WARS_Jedi_Survivor/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/X6JPATK3) |
</details>

<details>
<summary>EA Games</summary>

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [Plants vs. Zombies™: Replanted](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3654560/Plants_vs_Zombies_Replanted/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1761661468376-VnULezKIznCO.zip) |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Hitman</summary>

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [Hitman: Absolution™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/203140/Hitman_Absolution/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762102075116-etTDpq4BriAe.zip) |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Watch_Dogs</summary>

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [Watch_Dogs™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/243470/Watch_Dogs/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762102961090-Ik5zlEufob3t.zip) |
| [Watch_Dogs® 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/447040/Watch_Dogs_2/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762104883954-EfF1EGn5w9eJ.zip) |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Castlevania: Lords of Shadow</summary>

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [Castlevania: Lords of Shadow – Ultimate Edition](https://store.steampowered.com/app/234080/Castlevania_Lords_of_Shadow__Ultimate_Edition/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762106381813-ftDeEAsSYTkk.zip) |
| [Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/239250/Castlevania_Lords_of_Shadow_2/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762106417593-sycp1ldNnSsF.zip) |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Misc (Uncategorized)</summary>

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [Sleeping Dogs](https://store.steampowered.com/app/202170/Sleeping_Dogs/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762102213994-A1PZDfYrp7DG.zip) |
| [Steep™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/460920/Steep/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762102533134-bHgT3uVu64Wd.zip) |
| [F1 RACE STARS™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/203680/F1_RACE_STARS/?curator_clanid=4777282) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762104133759-AmC0Wb0NRv7g.zip) |
| [The Crew™ 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/646910/The_Crew_2/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762104308103-qD8mMybnUSFM.zip) |
| [Spec Ops: The Line](https://store.steampowered.com/app/50300/Spec_Ops_The_Line/?curator_clanid=4777282) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762104498253-pKA6fJMDtqff.zip) |
| [Aliens vs. Predator™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/10680/Aliens_vs_Predator/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762104757207-MrDDNfkrAKJu.zip) |
| [L.A. Noire](https://store.steampowered.com/app/110800/LA_Noire/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762104994468-WmdUlQ0Ebumw.zip) |
| [South Park™: The Stick of Truth™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/213670/South_Park_The_Stick_of_Truth/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762105107231-SwfWgzIZ4qhR.zip) |
| [Fallout 4](https://store.steampowered.com/app/377160/Fallout_4/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762105266086-pg5apEnhElI6.zip) |
| 🌐 [Ghost of Tsushima DIRECTOR'S CUT](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2215430/Ghost_of_Tsushima_DIRECTORS_CUT/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762106048202-dUi9gWaypBvv.zip) |

</details>

## 2. Extract the files into the game's folder

1. Open the game's folder ([How to open Steam game's folder?](/extras/opening_a_steam_games_folder))
2. Open the .zip file you've downloaded
3. Select all of the files and drag them into the game's folder
4. If a window as shown below pops up, click **Replace the file in the destination**. It may appear multiple times.

![](images/c3956f7a-c018-448b-9e02-973d28ed04c0-1.png)

## Congrats!

If you've followed all of the steps correctly, you should be able to play your game.

:::important
For some games, you may need to start them directly via the .exe file, not through the Steam Library.
:::

Commit message:

Edited the bypasses - Removed the "rockstar_games" folder (Since NLGL is now dead)
- Added new emoji "👍" to emoji definitions in Common bypasses/fixes

- Removed "EA Games" dropdown in Common bypasses/fixes

- Moved PVZ Replanted bypass from EA Games dropdown to Misc (Uncategorized) dropdown in Common bypasses/fixes

- Added 2 new Rockstar Games bypasses to Common bypasses/fixes

- Added "Need For Speed" dropdown and 3 new bypasses to Common bypasses/fixes

- Added ® logo to Assassin's Creed dropdown in Common bypasses/fixes (I know, very much useless but it bothered my OCD)

- Removed Far Cry 6 bypass from Common bypasses/fixes

- Added STAR WARS Battlefront (2015) bypass to Common bypasses/fixes

docs/bypasses/common_bypasses.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
pagination_prev: bypasses/index
pagination_next: null
description: "Most of the bypasses/fixes are located here"
---

# Common bypasses/fixes

The following games all use the same bypass method: download the files and extract them into the game's directory.

## 1. Download the bypass files for your game

Find your game below and download the corresponding bypass files.

### Emoji definitions
| Emoji | Definition |
|-------|------------|
| 🎯 | Launch the game directly via it's .exe file, not through your Steam Library |
| 🌐 | The bypass/fix also contains an Online-Fix |
| 👍 | This bypass/fix has been tested and confirmed to be working by a staff/server member |

<details>
<summary>Rockstar Games</summary>
:::note
For GTA V Legacy, launch the game from "PlayGTAV.bat", not from the .exe or Steam.
:::

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [Grand Theft Auto V Enhanced](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3240220/Grand_Theft_Auto_V_Enhanced/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762105435461-KdqJ3kVs8he3.zip) |
| [Grand Theft Auto V Legacy](https://store.steampowered.com/app/271590/Grand_Theft_Auto_V_Legacy/) | [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/x8l3hx.zip) |
| 🎯 [Grand Theft Auto IV: The Complete Edition](https://store.steampowered.com/app/12210/Grand_Theft_Auto_IV_The_Complete_Edition/) | [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/42ujvo.zip) |
| [Grand Theft Auto III – The Definitive Edition](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1546970/Grand_Theft_Auto_III__The_Definitive_Edition/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1761923483387-g7CA4fvitcFu.zip) |
| [Grand Theft Auto: Vice City – The Definitive Edition](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1546990/Grand_Theft_Auto_Vice_City__The_Definitive_Edition/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1761923740571-PW42pSC56NeC.zip) |
| [Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas – The Definitive Edition](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1547000/Grand_Theft_Auto_San_Andreas__The_Definitive_Edition/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1761923936059-DzQWGD0uhn06.zip) |
| [Red Dead Redemption 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1174180/Red_Dead_Redemption_2/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762105617608-APY2EQfwPgi7.zip) |

<details>

<details>
<summary>Need For Speed™</summary>

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| 👍 🎯 [Need For Speed™ Most Wanted](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1262560/Need_for_Speed_Most_Wanted/) | [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/z4q6wo.7z) |
| 👍 🎯 [Need For Speed™ Rivals](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1262600/Need_for_Speed_Rivals/) | [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/p209rl.7z) |
| 👍 🎯 [Need For Speed™ Heat](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1222680/Need_for_Speed_Heat/) | [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/wq6jvd.rar) |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Call of Duty® (Campaign)</summary>
:::info
This will only work for campaign. For online, refer to [this page](/bypasses/call_of_duty/online)
:::

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® 2 (2009)](https://store.steampowered.com/app/10180/Call_of_Duty_Modern_Warfare_2_2009/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1761987933968-g1ITRWoyK6Fk.zip) |
| [Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® 3 (2011)](https://store.steampowered.com/app/115300/Call_of_Duty_Modern_Warfare_3_2011/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1761987894355-1I2VphBJCM34.zip) |
| [Call of Duty®: Black Ops](https://store.steampowered.com/app/42700/Call_of_Duty_Black_Ops/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1761987793374-KvjXNIpPriz4.zip) |
| [Call of Duty®: Black Ops II](https://store.steampowered.com/app/202970/Call_of_Duty_Black_Ops_II/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1761987852110-uEGuJlwnW3OO.zip) |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Assassin's Creed®</summary>

:::tip
To bypass the download & speed limit for pixeldrain, use [this tool](https://pixeldrain-bypass.cybar.xyz/)
:::

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [Assassin's Creed Mirage](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3035570/Assassins_Creed_Mirage/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/dnoJg25S) |
| [Assassin's Creed Valhalla](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2208920/Assassins_Creed_Valhalla/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/LS22RNVN) |
| [Assassin's Creed® Odyssey](https://store.steampowered.com/app/812140/Assassins_Creed_Odyssey/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/TsvrLh1d) |
| [Assassin's Creed® Origins](https://store.steampowered.com/app/582160/Assassins_Creed_Origins/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/7y68XENp) |
| [Assassin's Creed® Syndicate](https://store.steampowered.com/app/368500/Assassins_Creed_Syndicate/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/VFs7kuvz) |
| [Assassin's Creed® Unity](https://store.steampowered.com/app/289650/Assassins_Creed_Unity/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/XEhTUkka) |
| [Assassin’s Creed® Rogue](https://store.steampowered.com/app/311560/Assassins_Creed_Rogue/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/BfJ7z8ap) |
| [Assassin’s Creed® IV Black Flag™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/242050/Assassins_Creed_IV_Black_Flag/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/2YkGUsKD) |
| [Assassin's Creed® III Remastered](https://store.steampowered.com/app/911400/Assassins_Creed_III_Remastered/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/M2FxLjkx) |
| [Assassin’s Creed® III](https://store.steampowered.com/app/208480/Assassins_Creed_III/?curator_clanid=4777282) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/pacACGG4) |
| [Assassin’s Creed® Brotherhood](https://store.steampowered.com/app/48190/Assassins_Creed_Brotherhood/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/XmRFxU3G) |
| [Assassin's Creed 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/33230/Assassins_Creed_2/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/VBeDwhPu) |
</details>

<details>
<summary>Far Cry</summary>

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [Far Cry® 5](https://store.steampowered.com/app/552520/Far_Cry_5/) | [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/n3cqhn.zip) |
| [Far Cry® New Dawn](https://store.steampowered.com/app/939960/Far_Cry_New_Dawn/) | [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/5snk8o.rar) (You'll need to use WinRAR for this one) |
| [Far Cry® Primal](https://store.steampowered.com/app/371660/Far_Cry_Primal/) | [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/and5sc.zip) |
| [Far Cry® 4](https://store.steampowered.com/app/298110/Far_Cry_4/) | [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/ci75kz.zip) |
| [Far Cry 3](https://store.steampowered.com/app/220240/Far_Cry_3/) | [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/hm8pwz.zip) |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Star Wars</summary>

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [STAR WARS Jedi: Fallen Order™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1172380/STAR_WARS_Jedi_Fallen_Order/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/NnnHpdju) |
| [STAR WARS Jedi: Survivor™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1774580/STAR_WARS_Jedi_Survivor/) | [Download](https://pixeldrain.com/u/X6JPATK3) |
| 🎯 [STAR WARS™ Battlefront (2015)](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1237980/STAR_WARS_Battlefront/) | [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/yrd4r5.zip) |
</details>

<details>
<summary>Hitman</summary>

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [Hitman: Absolution™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/203140/Hitman_Absolution/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762102075116-etTDpq4BriAe.zip) |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Watch_Dogs</summary>

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [Watch_Dogs™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/243470/Watch_Dogs/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762102961090-Ik5zlEufob3t.zip) |
| [Watch_Dogs® 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/447040/Watch_Dogs_2/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762104883954-EfF1EGn5w9eJ.zip) |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Castlevania: Lords of Shadow</summary>

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| [Castlevania: Lords of Shadow – Ultimate Edition](https://store.steampowered.com/app/234080/Castlevania_Lords_of_Shadow__Ultimate_Edition/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762106381813-ftDeEAsSYTkk.zip) |
| [Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/239250/Castlevania_Lords_of_Shadow_2/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762106417593-sycp1ldNnSsF.zip) |

</details>

<details>
<summary>Misc (Uncategorized)</summary>

| Name | Download |
|------|----------|
| 👍 [Plants vs. Zombies™: Replanted](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3654560/Plants_vs_Zombies_Replanted/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1761661468376-VnULezKIznCO.zip) |
| [Sleeping Dogs](https://store.steampowered.com/app/202170/Sleeping_Dogs/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762102213994-A1PZDfYrp7DG.zip) |
| [Steep™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/460920/Steep/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762102533134-bHgT3uVu64Wd.zip) |
| [F1 RACE STARS™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/203680/F1_RACE_STARS/?curator_clanid=4777282) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762104133759-AmC0Wb0NRv7g.zip) |
| [The Crew™ 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/646910/The_Crew_2/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762104308103-qD8mMybnUSFM.zip) |
| [Spec Ops: The Line](https://store.steampowered.com/app/50300/Spec_Ops_The_Line/?curator_clanid=4777282) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762104498253-pKA6fJMDtqff.zip) |
| [Aliens vs. Predator™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/10680/Aliens_vs_Predator/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762104757207-MrDDNfkrAKJu.zip) |
| [L.A. Noire](https://store.steampowered.com/app/110800/LA_Noire/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762104994468-WmdUlQ0Ebumw.zip) |
| [South Park™: The Stick of Truth™](https://store.steampowered.com/app/213670/South_Park_The_Stick_of_Truth/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762105107231-SwfWgzIZ4qhR.zip) |
| [Fallout 4](https://store.steampowered.com/app/377160/Fallout_4/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762105266086-pg5apEnhElI6.zip) |
| 🌐 [Ghost of Tsushima DIRECTOR'S CUT](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2215430/Ghost_of_Tsushima_DIRECTORS_CUT/) | [Download](https://i.sobakin.tech/api/files/download?objectName=cmh4y3oq40000pu09qh2eonah%2F1762106048202-dUi9gWaypBvv.zip) |

</details>

## 2. Extract the files into the game's folder

1. Open the game's folder ([How to open Steam game's folder?](/extras/opening_a_steam_games_folder))
2. Open the .zip file you've downloaded
3. Select all of the files and drag them into the game's folder
4. If a window as shown below pops up, click **Replace the file in the destination**. It may appear multiple times.

![](images/c3956f7a-c018-448b-9e02-973d28ed04c0-1.png)

## Congrats!

If you've followed all of the steps correctly, you should be able to play your game.

:::important
For some games, you may need to start them directly via the .exe file, not through the Steam Library.
:::
