docs/bypasses/fc_26.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
pagination_prev: bypasses/index
pagination_next: null
description: ""
---

# EA SPORTS FC™ 26

### 1. Download and launch the [EA SPORTS FC™ 26 SHOWCASE](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3629260/)
1. [Install the game](steam://run/3629260)
2. Launch the game once so all the necessary files are created

:::important
Launch the game directly via it's .exe file, not through your Steam Library or the EA app.
:::

### 2. Patch the game's files
1. Right-click the FC 26 Showcase in your Steam Library, then click Manage -> Browse local files

![](./images/9ecd2f2f-6322-49bc-8541-fdf35eb91566.png)

2. [Download](https://cdn.openlua.cloud/bypasses/FC%2026.rar) the patch files
3. Extract the contents of the .rar file into the game folder. The password for the archive is `openlua.cloud`
4. If prompted, click **Replace the file in the destination** (this may appear multiple times)

![](./images/c3956f7a-c018-448b-9e02-973d28ed04c0-1.png)

5. Delete `FC26_Showcase.exe`
6. Rename `FC26_Showcase fixed.exe` to `FC26_Showcase.exe`
### 3. Generate the Denuvo token
1. Open "EA.Denuvo.Token.Dumper.exe" and press Start
:::note
Make sure to **uncheck** "Add DenuvoToken to anadius.cfg even if it exists"
:::

2. Copy the generated Denuvo token
3. Open `anadius.cfg` in the game folder
4. Find `DenuvoToken` (using CTRL + F) and replace the `PASTE_A_VALID_DENUVO_TOKEN_HERE` with your copied token
:::danger
Make sure you do not erase the quotes around the token!
:::

### Congrats!
If you've followed all of the steps correctly, you should now be able to play EA SPORTS FC™ 26.

:::note
Online functionality will not work.
:::

:::important
Always launch the game directly via it's .exe file, not through your Steam Library or the EA app.
:::

Commit message:

Add bypass broken notice on FC26 page and update FAQ

docs/bypasses/fc_26.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
pagination_prev: bypasses/index
pagination_next: null
description: ""
---

# EA SPORTS FC™ 26

:::important
The bypass is currently broken. We are waiting for the creator of the bypass to update it.
:::

### 1. Patch the game's files
1. [Install the EA SPORTS FC™ 26 SHOWCASE](steam://run/3629260)
2. Right-click the FC 26 Showcase in your Steam Library, then click Manage -> Browse local files

![](./images/9ecd2f2f-6322-49bc-8541-fdf35eb91566.png)

3. [Download](https://cdn.openlua.cloud/bypasses/FC%2026.rar) the patch files
4. Extract the contents of the .rar file into the game folder. The password for the archive is `openlua.cloud`
5. If prompted, click **Replace the file in the destination** (this may appear multiple times)

![](./images/c3956f7a-c018-448b-9e02-973d28ed04c0-1.png)

6. Delete `FC26_Showcase.exe`
7. Rename `FC26_Showcase fixed.exe` to `FC26_Showcase.exe`
### 2. Generate the Denuvo token
1. Open "EA.Denuvo.Token.Dumper.exe" and press Start
:::note
Make sure to **uncheck** "Add DenuvoToken to anadius.cfg even if it exists"
:::

2. Copy the generated Denuvo token
3. Open `anadius.cfg` in the game folder
4. Find `DenuvoToken` (using CTRL + F) and replace the `PASTE_A_VALID_DENUVO_TOKEN_HERE` with your copied token
:::danger
Make sure you do not erase the quotes around the token!
:::

### Congrats!
If you've followed all of the steps correctly, you should now be able to play EA SPORTS FC™ 26.

:::note
Online functionality will not work.
:::

:::important
Always launch the game directly via it's .exe file, not through your Steam Library or the EA app.
:::
